feat(core): add "classNameHashSalt" option (#586)
microsoft/griffel: apps/website/docs/react/api/create-dom-renderer.md

}
```

### classNameHashSalt

A salt that will be added for generated hashed classes. Check [microsoft/griffel#453](https://github.com/microsoft/griffel/issues/453) for an example use case.

:::caution Use with caution

> Should be the same for all renderers in the same application (bundle).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There cannot be more than **one single** hash salt in the same application (bundle) 
```
